Tillage, Death, and Taxes

* game intro is you signing a deed you can't really read, only to reveal a contract:
You get your own farm! but in exchange, you have a 1 billion$ loan you have to pay off, and the deadline is compounding infinitely. If you miss one, you go out!

The game seems inevitable, but we can DENY it - several endings?

Base:
Constantly compounding loan. You have 3 minutes per day of hectic gameplay to grow crops and pay it off!!
You have a deadline every single day of what you have to pay as per your arrangement, and it constantly compounds every day for a month. You win upon reaching last day.
If you miss a deadline ever (not enough to pay off) you lose.
If you have enough balance to pay for the day, it's automatically subtracted and you move on with whatever remaining balance.

you have a player that moves around, and two fixed maps: your farm, and the market.
farm has two main things: a bunch of tiles of land that you can till/plant crops in, and a market sign/indicator thing telling you the market price of all crops
The market is just a collection of a bunch of stalls with people in it - they all have icons indicating what they want above their heads, talking with each enters bartering mode.

Crops:
Each crop is planted per tile, and they take about 1-5 secs to grow (indicated by a white bar above them). If the crops need to be watered, the bar will stop and turn red.
Crops that need to be watered will not continue growing until they have been watered. - when how many is somewhat set but varies per crop

Bartering:
some system based off of current market price as a baseline?

If time:
events - certain things happen affecting the price of certain crops
guarentees - you have to buy X at an X price - have some exploitable thing so u can bankrupt company!

Endings:
ending 1 - you pay off your loan completely, getting to the end of the month. Freedom!
ending 2 - you find a cool way to bankrupt the company you owe money to.

bad end - you miss the day's deadline and go bankrupt


Other mechanics?